Name: Emily Clinkscales
Date: 05/02/20

Project: Final_Project: Hospital Drive By
Group's repository: https://github.com/emclinks/HospitalDriveBy



What is something you learned by reviewing this group's project? 
#I had heard people thought of just reskinning the space shooter basically and this is honestly a pretty good rendition of it. Granted, it's more of like a 90's arcade shooter.
 

In what ways does this game reflect the theme?: 
#This game takes place within a hospital overflowing with patients and doctors, all fleeing from infected/zombified people. Coronavirus doesn't zombify, but this take certainly helps get the point across in a light-hearted manner.
 

What is something you saw in this group's project that you would like to apply to your own future games?
#God that sprite art is the best shit I've seen in awhile. Love the nostalgia of it and it'd be nice to play with sometime.
 

What suggestions would you have for this group to improve the game?
#I wish there was a replay option availible at the end screen, and that the movement controls were adjusted. It feels really sluggish and I'd just rather higher sensitivity and speed to enjoy it more.
#While I understand now that this group went for a keyboard-based gameplay, spacebar is definitely not what my mind first went to to shoot the zombies.

Was there anything in the GDScript that was confusing to you? If so, what?
#Nope. Crystal-clear.
 

Is it clear that every group member participated?
#Yes.
 

Does the repository contain an appropriate LICENSE?
#Yes.
 

What is something the group could add to the README.md to make it more descriptive?
#No, and I realized if I just looked at the readme again just before playing I'd have known what the controls are.
 

Pay a compliment to the group based on the quality of the game.
#Honestly this game had me laughing at the first sight of that snapshot, and I knew I had to pick this to review. Other than the ship not moving as fast as I'd personally like, I can't find anything bad. It'd be a really fun and easy game to add more content to later.


How many of your points would you allocate to this project?
# Considering the other project I reviewed, I give this 4 of my 5 points.

